all right got a little something
different for you here today what
something is really grinding my gears
and I'd like to share it with you as I'm
sure you know project cars can be
released if you don't shame on you you
really should have a look at these
screenshots they are fantastic it's not
all about the graphics as I'm sure you
know when it comes to driving games is
all about the feel of it now playing
this game on the DualShock 4 is just not
going to cut it I'm sorry it's not so so
you going to have a wheel and pedal so
the question is do the wheel and pedals
that you currently own are they going to
be compatible with the ps4 and therefore
project cars
well project cars have recently released
a list of steering wheels and pedals
that will be compatible with their game
now as you can see it's pretty slim
pickings on the PlayStation and Xbox one
side basically there's four for the
PlayStation 4 2 for the Xbox one and a
myriad for the PC so much so it's taking
up the second page now probably like me
you'll see your current wheel is listed
there in the PC section but not for the
ps4 which is a bloody shame so alright
then let's have a look at the four that
will be available the first one the
thrust master T
this one doesn't even have source
feedback so we can completely ignore the
fact that it's useless and no one will
want to buy it yes it has the share
buttons fantastic it has no force
feedback at all therefore it's a toy
next one the T 100 only marginally more
expensive that this one does have for
speed
and my pedals don't look fantastic but
you know it is only about 89 to quited
units under a hundred pounds it's 240
degrees of rotation but you know it's
it's a decent price the next one as you
can see is a huge jump in price the t
300 RS is 369 pounds now hasn't been
released yet is released on the 1st
September 2014
and as with one that's this expensive
it's absolutely bloody fantastic it does
have the share button and all the other
PlayStation logo buttons and things like
that for easy use but you know as you
would expect it's fantastic
force-feedback paralia absolutely
incredible the only downside being sorry
I think the pedals but sir they do have
a GT Ferrari GT version as well in fact
the same price just which this climbing
it from fun layout and decals and
whatnot but ER again pedals being the
only downside of that package and but I
have said that you can upgrade of course
you can upgrade you can always spend
more money with that you can upgrade to
the t3 pa pedals about 90 quid and also
you can get the thrust master t-888
add-on there for around about 100
pounds as well if you just want to go
bonkers with your money but the t 300 RS
actually precedes now this older model
which is the t 500 RS not sure why
masses 500 300 whatever this one's
basically Gran Turismo logoed but it
does have much nicer pedals but they
have says that you can use the pedal to
the T 300 are
and but really why can't we use the
pedals that we've already got in the
steering wheel that we already have why
we got to now go out especially if
you've got a planet 8:1 they're already
hundreds and hundreds of pounds well I'm
going to spend another hundreds and
hundreds of pounds well in regards to
the logitech wheels they've said that
the g27 which is arguably the most
popular wheel doesn't have a security
chip with the ps4 utilize it for
authentication
now that contradicts what they initially
said when people were testing these
logitech wheels with the ps4 and the
reason for this confusion is that it
basically works for around about eight
minutes before it then fires off another
sort of authentication request and at
which point it becomes useless you have
to unplug it and plug it back in again
so obviously when they were testing it
initially they didn't test it for longer
than eight minutes so the real issue
here is one of licensing and it looks to
me as if Sony you've got some deal with
with Thrustmaster whatever it is
whatever the the situation is that needs
to be changed because there are hundreds
of thousands of Logitech magnetic wheels
out there which are now rendered useless
so I urge you to go to change.org and
have a look at this petition and fill
that out